fix: astrodb vite plugin throws in vitest and cannot seed database (#11435)
withastro/astro: .changeset/lemon-beans-admire.md

---
'@astrojs/db': patch
---

> Fix astro:db:seed cannot access env ASTRO_DATABASE_FILE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a bug where `astro:db:seed` couldn't access to the environment variable `ASTRO_DATABASE_FILE`
```
